I am.
So after after we were in Birmingham
together. Yeah, that's true.
OK.
Hey, Marius. Hey, John.
Hi Marius. Hi Martin. Hi Ivo again.
So we sorry for my lateness.
Hello everybody.
We were in the refinement fault.
So before Ivo was showing us the new
architecture and also.
It gave us the information.
I want to show you what we have reached
in the last call.
So we already have created the show for
Macant.
We have for the integration we have our.
Technical enablers we have created in all
our viewers for the delivery note upload
integration and also for the downloads
proof of delivery integrations.
We have features for the performance
optimizations.
We will add some technical PPIs on that
way so that we can have some.
Optimization,
like performance optimization tasks,
we have the guaranteed delivery which we
already put some tasks from the leads
like from the developers and also we are
still continuing creating our backlog for
Mac Hunt and for Cloud Vlock.
As you know we will do the refactoring
for Cloud Vlock.
We will show you the architecture,
how we will do that and then we will
continue with the marcant implementation
parallel wise.
We just the API flow from Macant as I
already mentioned before Marius maybe and
also they mentioned that the business
flow can be different than Cloudflow log.
So maybe having.
Make the business flow for us in how the
upload and download scenarios are working.
This is our goal,
like our plan and as you see we already
have created improved observabilities.
And the refactoring of the code
duplications.
We already add some technical PPIs and
we'll estimate them.
Hopefully tomorrow when we are done with
creating all the technical PPIs for us,
then we will do.
The estimation with our lead Joseph with
Ivo and Stanislav together.
So this is the plan for the upcoming days
for us and also I want to show,
I wanted to show you in our backlog
structure for the features for Macant and
also we have.
Have some new features like the
refactoring delivery notes pipeline and
also the refactoring of the proof of
delivery download pipeline.
From here,
maybe we will show you the architecture,
what we will do implement.
Therefore I give the word to Ivo.
If you have any questions,
feel free to ask it.
Let's go into the architectural site.
OK, so let me share my screen.
Just a quick update here.
Why do we have these updates on the
architecture?
Because we believe this would obviously
provide a bit simplification.
While still guaranteeing that reliability
concerns on one end,
we also managed to analyze one scenario
with potential failures,
which I'll be discussing and also managed
to address that as part of the
architecture.
So this is getting a bit refined from
that perspective rather than
significantly changing the overall
approach.
It's more of a refinement to address.
Some additional,
let's say reliability concerns and like
do it in the most simplest maintainable
way. So the idea is as follows.
We will be preserving that single Cloud
Function that's.
That we would be responsible for
maintaining these integrations over cloud
for lock and both mark on as well in
future.
But what's changing is actually the way
how we trigger these tasks because in
theory also the workflow could fail
sporadically. Nothing is.
100% available. From that perspective,
we've taken care that this kind of
scheduling of the items here would be
performed in a reliable manner by
preserving this offset,
but actually changing the trigger to
invoke the workflow.
Let's say every few seconds and from that
on we'll be just checking his time
elapsed to let's say schedule a new task,
maybe then we'll have another interval,
let's say 30 seconds, etc.
So we can also cover this kind of high
throughput scenarios without.
Overly introducing overhead of frequent
polling to the underlying internal Nagio
applications.
And then we we actually decided to switch
the the overall messaging approach to
cloud task queue.
The idea is that it would also provides
better guarantees around this reliability
concerns and the ability for us to.
Delay some messages at at some point of
future in time when we know that we need
to retry with the back off instead of
trying to immediately,
let's say reprocess the message etcetera,
or holding it in memory.
It's just more efficient from resource
perspective.
Because of that delay capability of the
cloud task. In addition,
there is another capability supported
here, the duplication of tasks.
So when we have let's say multiple
retries over here or potentially some
overlapping invocations of the cron
scheduler and the GCP workflow that
wouldn't lead to.
Let's say trying to duplicate the work
and submissions anyway.
Currently there is a um.
There will be ongoing, let's say um.
I can think of all of these scenarios
around temple temps and we don't really
want to trigger let's say these checks
and then of inserts that frequently if we
do it less often and we still have this
guaranteed delivery that would be better.
So apart from that,
we also address one scenario with the
architecture that may seem important.
We've been discussing that,
let's say once trucks are being loaded,
they they would be waiting for some
particular amount of time,
let's say several minutes if something
goes wrong.
They will need to fall back to a paper
based approach.
Let's say cloud for lock or mark hunt is
down.
From that perspective,
this means some some of these trucks
would already be switching to a
paper-based approach because obviously
the the system is not available,
this QR scanning, scanning,
etcetera is not available.
And what would happen next from our
perspective is we're accumulating some
backlog of items to be synchronized.
Now we don't really want to prioritize
back filling the historical data because
once Mark and let's say or Cloud.
Comes back up.
We will need to actually switching
immediately for the trucks that still
need to be like loaded with the necessary
data,
with the necessary documents and
corresponding QR scanning code.
And from that perspective,
we actually want to prioritize newest
items first and that approach actually
manages that because we actually put all
the rest of the work in a separate queue
and that's still pending while the new
ones is kind of freed.
And can could be taken immediately
concurrently to the ones to the items
that we need to retry.
So that being said,
we are introducing less components that
need to be hosted and we are offloading
more of these capabilities to the Cloud
Tasks queues.
That's the overall improvement for.
For this upload process,
the download is also simpler.
We don't need another storage,
we don't need some locking mechanisms,
etc. Again,
we are using the same cloud task view
approach.
And then potentially retrying the task
indefinitely until the download completes.
That's that's it really.
From architecture perspective,
I can go back to the previous diagram
which is more complex and maybe you'd
have some questions that you want to
raise or something that you want to
discuss.
In addition,
something that I wanted to notice like
what would be our our overall approach
for making sure this reliability
enhancements are really addressed.
So a reliability testing is really hard
to let's say approve with.
Achieve with manual testing and our idea
is actually to simulate this with fully
automated tests. We'll be covering this.
Most of the logic would be around this
service here,
so we'll be covering this completely with
component integration tests,
meaning that all of these.
External systems they will be stopped.
They will be made as dummy servers as
part of component integration tests and
this one will be tested as a black box.
Also this kind of queue over here.
So we will be testing this as a black box
and.
We'll be just validating the end result,
so we'll be providing some task. We would,
let's say,
specify what kind of data is returned by
corresponding internal Nagel systems and
we'll be.
Checking the outcome,
what kind of data has been synchronized
and we will be simulating all these
various scenarios, including recovery,
including idempotent handling as part of
these component tests,
but bringing this up as a framework.
Would probably be the most significant
amount of time to, let's say,
provide these capabilities of studying
all of these dependencies and
orchestrating the entire flow,
and from that on we'll be like creating
various different scenarios where.
Both uh positive scenarios and negative
ones where there's some uh either
transient or permanent errors.
And the overall outcome of these handling
approaches.
With that,
we believe we will be having a
significant amount of degree of
confidence,
not introducing any regressions with the
overall refactoring.
So cloud for lock functionality would
fully work as expected with all these new
reliability advancements.
While we are also introducing the Markon
DBA integration capability.
That's that's it really from the overall
architecture approach.
Yeah, thanks Ivailo. First of all,
I think it's good to have the newest
first logic with the uploads because of
course it's it's more important for the
people in the branch to have the the next
truck coming in via cloud for lock if the
system is back up.
To have this in a digital format than to
put in the data, yeah,
we are not using anymore.
That could change with the driver app,
for example,
when we can reach out to the driver
Mm-hmm.
afterwards,
even if he's already left our branch.
But for now,
it's definitely more important to to be
able to upload the next truck than the
the ones before that has not been
Mm.
Even if the behavior, yeah,
even if the behavior changes with the
uploaded.
So that sounds good.
mobile app,
still we have fine grain control here on
how to prioritize the items so we can
also flip that that later point.
Milk.
Yeah, yeah, sounds good.
OK. And maybe Jim,
you mentioned already you need some
And.
questions to be answered by Mehrkan.
I just sent out a reminder to them a few
minutes ago with you and Martin and copy.
So that should come as soon as possible
hopefully.
And we can add you in the demo system as
users.
I know I have a user for prod and demo
environments from my account and I would
assume that they would also give maybe
let's say.
One introduction meeting to show the
front and maybe if you need that or want
that, that should be possible as well.
And then for the demo environment I am
Yes.
now able to to add users.
Great.
Would be great to have a flow of the
Great.
front end flow from them, so.
Yeah, I will reach out to them.
My contact person, Hannah Harter,
you already met before,
I think did this for us,
for for me and my colleague,
but I think they have a account or user
management team, whatever.
And to do this,
I will reach out to them that we can
schedule one meeting, maybe, maybe,
maybe with you, Jim,
Good.
for the rest of the team to find a good
time slot.
Great.
Of course we will find the right slot so
we can have all the information.
Also one of the question like right now
for the architecture,
Matthias is confirming this and also do
we have to show this Christian and get
his approval again for for any?
Directions Matthias or Marius.
I would say yes, Matthias, correct me,
but just just send it over to him and let
him answer real quick.
Should not be a long showstopper.
Um.
Just send it out to him, I would say.
Yes, I will do that.
Or if I learn me can do that.
Yeah, I can.
I'll finish the providing all of this
documentation.
I mean the texture show description of
the solution as well as part of the
diagrams in the weekend.
OK.
Then maybe he can we can send that for an
offline review.
Yeah.
OK.
Perfect. Uh,
maybe send it to Christian and Pascal. Um,
that they are aligned.
Alright.
Yes.
Yosef is raising his hand.
Yeah,
on the Mercant demo playground topic,
first great news because it's very
critical for us to to get start with this
topic. And on the other hand,
like do we have any progress with the
business for itself around Mercant?
Because obviously Cloud for work and
Mercant have different set of APIs,
we have some some endpoints. Sorry,
we have some endpoints in Cloud for work
that are not existing for Mercant,
for example the fetching of the
organizational.
Sites, etc.
Also the sequence of how the different
endpoints will be called like we need
this information about how exactly we
will be interacting with Mercant API,
know which endpoints exactly.
We are going to use and in which order so
we can start playing with them and
investigating the payload and just start
the whole implementation.
So not sure who should be providing this
information.
You said business flow.
This sounds more like a technical thing
to me. From a business perspective,
it is completely identical to Cloud Vlock.
Yes,
we're more referring to the technical
perspective,
how the APIs would be involved and what's
the overall data model, let's say,
etcetera.
Just some open questions on that and
potentially.
Jem, sorry, Ivano, Jem,
those questions are the ones you provided
Um, yeah.
me that I just reminded Makan to answer
us, right?
No.
Exact these are the request.
So that's ongoing, yeah.
Yeah, I have created this with Yosif,
Stanley and Ivo together.
We assume to get those answers back as
soon as possible.
M.
So all the input I will again recheck if
there is any missing part what we didn't
Mm-hmm. Perfect.
ask.
So I will directly inform you about it,
Yeah.
But then those questions are raised and I
but these are mostly.
just sent out a reminder like 50 minutes
ago to them.
Yes.
Jim,
one question from my side would be from a
Bridge.
more project management organizational
standpoint. Do we have a clear,
let's say timeline that we can also maybe
next time show to Marius what is our
implementation work? When can we expect?
What delivery? Which delivery?
Do we have it already or is that in
Exit.
This was us.
preparation?
It is in preparation.
It was the feature and the backlog what I
showed just in the start.
We are creating right now our backlog.
We are doing the restructuring and then
the refinement.
Christian also needs like Marius also
needs the times for when we will do the
implementation. We are now on it.
This week we will do our estimation.
And hopefully until Thursday,
I'm trying to get all like the important
first step estimation so that we know
what we will do in the upcoming weeks.
And of course we are on it and as soon as
we have all estimations under our
technical PPIs.
I will be delivering this information to
you and also Marius and to Christian that
we have a timeline where we will like
what we are reaching in the upcoming
weeks.
It isn't planning.
I will do my best to finalize this and
this is also my priority to share this
with you,
what we will do in the upcoming days in
two weeks.
OK.
And when we will go a plan to go live.
But as I mentioned,
we still are waiting for Macant input.
We are now with Marius together to have a
dev environment for cloud for log.
There he is also.
He mentioned that today and there is like
we had a conversation that we need to
find a way how we can handle these depots
because these are all real depots.
And we want a dev environment like how
can we create it?
I'm not sure a GLM just for us or create
a depot.
Is it possible to create a test depot
with a test GLM to have this dev
environment or how can we?
Use or how can we create the staff
environment?
We already have created the technical PPI
for it,
but I think we need to discuss how we can
how we can create these GL entity pose
for the test site.
Maybe here Matthias is isn't there
something in place that we can use from
the new dispo project like if it's just
about?
The GLN like a a a branch with demo data.
I I I think that's existing right?
Or is the cloud for log set up slightly
different here?
I mean,
cloud for log always needs Digilist,
Yeah, OK.
right?
It must line between TMS and Digilist.
No.
Hmm.
That's the challenge,
but of course it's solid.
But exact. Yeah,
this was also my plan to discuss with
No.
Matthias and Ivailo.
How can we figure out is it possible to
create these like dummy depots?
GLN is like it's not a question right now
in the call,
but this is also my plan to have it with.
Together and with Matthias and Hilo if
there is any formations.
I mean, could we,
could we not just like mock the diggilis
part? I mean,
it's about getting the delivery notes,
Mhm.
right? The documents.
Correct.
Um.
So, OK, but but let's, yeah,
let's discuss that then.
Martin,
maybe maybe from my side the difficulties
are currently that we want a real test
scenario,
but this always includes a consignee GLN
and if I and we need the data in TMS,
Yeah, OK.
we could mock that in TMS for sure.
The diglas problem would still.
Still be there,
but for me the problem is which GLNS are
we using?
Because if we select a real consignee,
GLN, ID, Idica,
whatever and just put it in our test
consignee for example as the GLN,
then everyone else in the supply chain of.
ADCA ID whatever that though if they are
currently using the test system they
would see the GLN twice then for our test
consignee and for the real in the test
environment real ID suite branch for
example.
So I need to find a branch from a real
consignee that is currently not in the
test environment that I can use in their
name for our for our testing.
That's the way I want it.
OK.
To do it now and I'm talking to to Ali in
the afternoon today because they are not
using the test system as much as we do
and do not implement all branches.
So there are a few real consignees from
our side.
Yeah,
maybe that we can use their GLN for our
test consignee.
Then you could use real TMS data with
Digilus and upload it to the real GLN in
cloud log test. But yeah,
I need to find out the perfect.
Mhm.
ID branch for that.
That's why I talked to the consignee and
they need to allow us to do that because
they are paying for the GLNS by the GS
one.
So not that easy,
but hopefully I have three to four
branches in mind from ID that I want to
use. If they allow this,
we could use them.
Right.
Great.
So this is awesome.
Overall, I mean Jim, just to to confirm,
we have the code refactoring that we also
want to start.
Even though Mac Hunt has some open topics,
we are not blocked, right?
We can progress, we can work on our stuff.
Exactly.
We are already working on the extraction
logic.
We are having like we are close to
finished the change request for we have.
So we have still work and we are not
stopping.
So we we are just waiting to start with
Good.
the Macan site. So on Macan site there is.
Like a technical flow,
what we need and also the patients,
but we still have to do.
OK.
And my now my priority is now for the
architecture side.
Ivo and Matthias are confident with it.
Just to share that with Christian,
that Christian says, OK guys,
this is the architecture what we need and
you can just work on that because working
on the architecture and then getting an
update from Christian would be just.
Bringing us to the same point where we
were.
Maybe it is good that Ivo Matthias can
directly.
Yeah.
Yeah, we'll.
Get this approval.
OK.
Great.
Any other open questions, open topics?
Only one gem. Maybe the meeting next week.
Could we do Thursday instead of Friday?
Fine.
Thursday, of course. OK,
you are on Friday, not there.
You already mentioned that and and for
next week I will put it on Thursday.
At the same time, is it OK for you?
Perfect.
Could we do between 8:00 and 11:00 AM?
8:00 and 11:00 AM, of course.
Eight will be 11K.
We do not need to do it this early.
I I just want to give you a a bigger time
frame because of three hours free.
It's totally fine for me.
Of course I I'm then putting it on 10:00
on.
Because Bulgarian time is also different
and it will be on the 26th, 26th March,
Yeah.
we will have the call at 10:30.
I'm sending you right now invitation.
Perfect. Thanks.
Always welcome. If there is anything,
feel free to reach out from your side.
If I have any information,
I will reach out to you. Also the team.
If you have anything,
feel free to reach out to me.
All right. Thank you guys.
All good. Thanks.
Mhm.
Thank you everyone for taking time.
Have a nice day.
Talk to you. Bye.
Thanks.
Thanks man.
See you. Bye.
Thank you. Bye.